specified netcdf-cf format (#34)
metno/data-management-handbook: doc/practical_guide.adoc

[[specialized-practical_guidance]]

> == Practical Guidance to data producers (using NetCDF-CF)

Author: ```suggestion
== Practical Guidance to producers of NetCDF-CF datasets
```

> This chapter includes how-to's and other practical guidance for producers of datasets stored as netCDF-CF files.

Author: ```suggestion
This chapter includes how-to's and other practical guidance for producers of NetCDF-CF datasets.
```
